<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="intro">
 <title>AirClassroom: The All-In-One Classroom Rental Service App</title>
 <shortdesc>AirClassroom seeks to pair clients across all disciplines with the space necessary for
  their endeavors. </shortdesc>
 <conbody>
  <p><b>About Us:</b>
  </p>
  <p>AirClassroom was founded in 2016 by Dr. Carlos Evia and his Creating User Documentation class
   at Virginia Tech in Blacksburg, VA. AirClassroom is a reputable resource for booking classroom
   spaces for a muliplicity of situations.  </p>
  <p>Whether you need the space for a group meeting, or a time of instruction, AirClassroom is the
   premiere source for pairing you with your perfect classroom from your home computer or on the go
   using our mobile app.</p>
  <p>Currently, we have Shanks 360 and 180 available for rent, but we will be expanding our
   available rooms in the very near future.</p>
  <p>"Shanks Hall is named for David Carey Shanks Jr., commandant of cadets from 1895 to 1898.
   Shanks saw service in the Philippine Insurrection and commanded Port Hoboken, N.J., and the 16th
   Infantry Division at Camp Kearny, Calif., during World War I. The decorated major general was a
   pallbearer for the Unknown Soldier of World War I and President Warren G. Harding. He wrote a
   book on management of the American soldier."</p>
  <p>"Composed of an old section, known as Barracks No. 4 (completed in 1902), and a newer section
   (finished in 1958), Shanks Hall is situated on the site of Science Hall (Barracks No. 7). Shanks
   housed 320 men until it was converted to house 302 women in 1970. It was converted to academic
   office space in the 1990s. The latest remodel and small addition was completed in 2001." </p>
  <p><xref href="https://www.vt.edu/about/buildings/shanks-hall.html" format="html" scope="external"
   /></p>
 </conbody>
</concept>
