<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="rules">
    <title>Classroom Usage Rules</title>
    <shortdesc>We have high standards for our classrooms. They are filled with innovative
        technology, and are spaces that we hope to be kept in pristine condition. We hope that you
        will see these rules as constructive and helpful in your time in the classroom.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
     
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Please do not bring food or drink into the classroom</cmd>
                <info audience="lamar">I know gamer fuel is often necessary for effective gaming, but please
                    consume your monster and five hour energy before entering the classroom.</info>
                <info audience="beatrix">If any of the residents need water or another beverage for medical
                    reasons, please let us know and we will absolutely accommodate that need.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Please handle the computers with care both physically and internally</cmd>
                <info audience="victoria">Horseplay is strictly prohibited, please make sure that your students are
                    careful with the computers.</info>
                <info audience="luke">We understand that hackathons will likely require a number of programming
                    downloads, please be sure that any programs downloaded from the internet are
                    safe and secure, and will not harm the internals of the computer.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Be sure to keep noise levels down while other classes are in session within the
                    building</cmd>
                <info audience="victoria">Seeing as though you are bringing your class into the building, we anticipate
                    that you will be using the classroom during regular school levels, please
                    refrain from any activities that may disturb nearby classes.</info>
                <info audience="lamar">Gaming events can get rowdy, and some noise is absolutely fine, but if things
                    get too loud it may disturb other classrooms and their activities. We recommend
                    making your reservation for after 5 o clock, or even the weekend if
                    possible.</info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
